ZERO TRUST SECURITY-> NEVER TRUST, ALWAYS VERIFY

1. So you know currently most of the corporate workers are accessing there corporate resources remotely over the Public Internet.

2. so how we can safeguard the resources over a public internet?

3. so, cloudflare concept is, all the data that is being going to corporate application or the device connected to the internet, 
   it has to go throught the cloudflare network. so from cloudflare end they will analiz, investigate and ensure only actual and 
   legitmate users can access.

4. Corporates can implement Internet gateway to protect its users and devices against- malware, DNS phising, etc whenever they are 
   connected to the internet. 

5. and if corporates wants to apply IP policy, so whoever gets connected to there network, to check who is getting connected.
   to get more granular control, they can use warp client at end-device (Laptop/Mobile devices) to perform HTTP filtering, and also 
   can be used for end device protection.

6. Browsing activity, employees will be browsing on corporate laptop, so to safeguard this from the device is not being compromised,
   so we can use browser Isolation.
   - to basically provide a safeguard to end-user, so that they can search/browse using a safe enviornment.
   - It will isolate the browsing activites at corporate endpoints, and the browsing processing is done at the cloudflare network.
   - user is connected from the nearest location of the cloudflare data center.

7. Cloudflare Access can be configured accross all the corporate applications and resources (cloud, saas, etc).

8. it also provides all the visibility and analytics on the dashboard.

Cloudflare offereings for Zero trust:

- from conecting with cloudflare warp client to Internet gateway, browser isolation, secure access. but behind this there are 
  many more things like intelligent routing, global edge network, world's fastest resolver, single-pass inspection, single pane 
  management, programmable interface, MDM-IDP-EPP integration, Internet radar, visinary innovation.

ZERO TRUST SOLUTIONS

What we see in the field?










